docs(mpc): add mpc document (#4011)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: control/mpc_lateral_controller/docs/mpc-algorithm-document.md

Reviewer: The new page shows up in a new `Docs` section. Is it okay ?
![image](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/assets/78338830/0a0547ac-04ca-4862-a3e1-3b2cf07194bd)

Author: Now it is like this
![Uploading image.png…]()

Reviewer: The equations don´t seem to work :thinking: 
https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware.universe/pr-4011/control/mpc_lateral_controller/docs/mpc-algorithm-document/

Author: Oops. I'll fix it. Thank you!

Author: Fixed.

#### MPC-specific weighting methods

MPC can handle the non-diagonal term in its calculation (as long as the resulting matrix is positive definite).

For instance, write $Q_{2}$ as follows for the $n=2$ system.

```math
\begin{align}
Q_{2} = \begin{bmatrix} 0 & 0 & 0 & 0 & 0 & 0 \\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 0 & 0 & 0 \\ 0 & 0 & q_{d} & 0 & 0 & -q_{d} \\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 0 & 0 & 0 \\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 0 & 0 & 0 \\ 0 & 0 & -q_{d} & 0 & 0 & q_{d} \end{bmatrix}
\end{align}
```

Expanding the first term of the evaluation function using $Q_{2}$

```math
\begin{align}
q_{d}\left(\delta_{0}^{2} -2\delta_{0}\delta_{1} + \delta_{1}^{2} \right) = q_{d}\left( \delta_{0} - \delta_{1}\right)^{2}
\end{align}
```

The value of $q_{d}$ is weighted by the amount of change in $\delta$, which will prevent the tire from moving quickly. By adding this section, the system can evaluate the balance between tracking accuracy and change of steering wheel angle.

Since the weight matrix can be added linearly, the final weight can be set as $Q = Q_{1} + Q_{2}$.

Furthermore, MPC optimizes over a period of time, the time-varying weight can be considered in the optimization.

### Constraints

#### Input constraint

> The main advantage of the MPC controllers is the capability to deal with any state or input constraints. The constraints can be expressed as box constraints, such as that "tire angle must be within ±30 degrees" can be put in the form;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main advantage of MPC controllers is the capability to deal with any state or input constraints. The constraints can be expressed as box constraints, such as "the tire angle must be within ±30 degrees", and can be put in the following form;
```
